This file will be used to descibre how the system works, both as a group and individually.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                   The ACC ECU:

The Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) is a system used to control the vehicle speed based on user chosen value
and current context, meaning the system will control the car speed in a way to:
    First priority: Ensure safety by controlling the speed and distance between itself and the front car.
    Second priority: Control speed to reach either the user desired speed or the front car speed, whichever is lowest.
Both of these objectives are necessary to avoid colision and thus, material or life damage.
The ACC ECU calculates the necessary acceleration (or slowdown) to reach a certain speed or distance, whilist
taking in consideration the system's current context, such as rain detection, faulty sensors detection, safe distances, etc.


The ACC set speed value and ACC enable command are provided by the user (through the ICM ECU), but the ACC ECU will verify
if the current context is allowed to activate the ACC system, taking in consideration a few things, such as:
Minimum and maximum current speed, the embedded system integrity (fault signal), pressure on the pedals (any pressure disables the ACC),etc.
If the conditions are met, the ACC system is enabled. Othewise, it is disabled. Both cases are informed to the user through ICM ECU.

    The system has 2 main modes that decides its behaviour:
    1-Distance control mode, used when the system deems the distance between cars are too close to ensure safety.
        In this mode, the system calculates the necessary acceleration to reach the safe distance.
    2-Speed control mode, used when the safe distance is reached and thus, the ACC system must reach the lowest between  
    the user or the front car speed.
        In this mode, the system calculates the necessary acceleration to reach cruise speed based on context.

To do so, the ACC system must have access to many information, such as:
    Current speed, relative speed (ACC x Front car), distance between cars, rain detection, gas and brake pedal pressure detection, etc.

The safe distance is determined by the following logic:
    There are two calibration variables called D_default and Default_Time_Gap.
    D_default (meters): Minimum distance between ACC car (EGO car) and front car (Lead car), regardless of current speed or time gap.
    Default_Time_Gap (seconds): Time gap between ego and lead car based on ego current speed. 
        The Time_gap variable is calculated as following: 
            Time_gap=Default_Time_Gap, if not raining. If raining, Time_gap = Default_Time_Gap * 2.
                Reasoning: Water can make the car take longer to reduce speed. 
Thus, the safe distance is calculated as such: Safe_distance = D_default + (Time_gap*Ego_speed); Whereas Ego_speed is in meters per second.

After calculating the acceleration based on current context, the acceleration must be limited to the minimum and maximum values.
    Reasoning: accelerations must be confortable to user. Slowdown is the minimum value and represents brakes capacity "unrestricted" for safety.

ACC ECU OUTPUTS:
    The ACC current state (enabled, sensors situation, etc) are sent to the ICM ECU for user visualization.
    The ACC calcualted acceleration is sent to the simulation ECU, which will in turn generate a new set of data for the simulation to continue.
    
